RESUMABLE: Clarify when client cannot know limits (#3470)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-resumable-upload.md

If the client knows the representation data's length, it SHOULD indicate the length in the request to help the server allocate necessary resources for the upload and provide early feedback if the representation violates a limit ({{upload-limit}}). This indication can be done through the `Upload-Length` header field or the combination of the `Content-Length` and `Upload-Complete: ?1` header fields (see {{upload-length}}).

> Clients are not required to discover limits ({{upload-limit}}) before starting the upload and might therefore not be aware of limits enforced by the server when starting the initial requests. However, the client SHOULD respect any limits ({{upload-limit}}) announced during the upload process in the `Upload-Limit` header field in interim or final responses. In particular, if the allowed maximum size is less than the amount of representation data the client intends to upload, the client SHOULD stop the current request immediately and cancel the upload ({{upload-cancellation}}). If the client knows that the representation data is smaller than `min-size`, it cannot expect resumability to be offered. The client might still attempt to transfer the representation in a single request, either in a request with the `Upload-Complete` header field set to true (see {{upgrading-uploads}}) or via a conventional upload.

Reviewer: Some nits:

I think this makes the first sentence more concise.

```suggestion
Clients are not required to discover limits ({{upload-limit}}) before starting the upload and might therefore be initially unaware of limits enforced by the server. However, the client SHOULD respect any limits ({{upload-limit}}) announced during the upload process in the `Upload-Limit` header field in interim or final responses. In particular, if the allowed maximum size is less than the amount of representation data the client intends to upload, the client SHOULD stop the current request immediately and cancel the upload ({{upload-cancellation}}). If the client knows that the representation data is smaller than `min-size`, it cannot expect resumability to be offered. The client might still attempt to transfer the representation in a single request, either in a request with the `Upload-Complete` header field set to true (see {{upgrading-uploads}}) or via a conventional upload.
```

In the second sentence, is it necessary to say "during the upload process" when we already say "in interim or final responses"? It's unclear to me why you added that.

```suggestion
Clients are not required to discover limits ({{upload-limit}}) before starting the upload and might therefore be initially unaware of limits enforced by the server. However, the client SHOULD respect any limits ({{upload-limit}}) announced in the `Upload-Limit` header field in interim or final responses. In particular, if the allowed maximum size is less than the amount of representation data the client intends to upload, the client SHOULD stop the current request immediately and cancel the upload ({{upload-cancellation}}). If the client knows that the representation data is smaller than `min-size`, it cannot expect resumability to be offered. The client might still attempt to transfer the representation in a single request, either in a request with the `Upload-Complete` header field set to true (see {{upgrading-uploads}}) or via a conventional upload.
```

Author: > I think this makes the first sentence more concise.

That's a good suggestion, thanks.

> In the second sentence, is it necessary to say "during the upload process" when we already say "in interim or final responses"? It's unclear to me why you added that.

I want to highlight that limits can be discovered while the upload is ongoing even if the client didn't fetch the limits beforehand and this wording makes this clearer for me.
